Most common symptoms:
fever
dry cough
tiredness



Less common symptoms:
aches and pains
sore throat
diarrhoea
conjunctivitis
headache
loss of taste or smell
a rash on skin, or discolouration of fingers or toes



Serious symptoms:
difficulty breathing or shortness of breath
chest pain or pressure
loss of speech or movement



remedies that should be taken care of:
At-Home Coronavirus Treatment
If your symptoms are mild enough that you can recover at home, you should:

Rest. It can make you feel better and may speed your recovery.
Stay home. Don't go to work, school, or public places.
Drink fluids. You lose more water when you're sick. Dehydration can make symptoms worse and cause other health problems.
Monitor. If your symptoms get worse, call your doctor right away. Don't go to their office without calling first. They might tell you to stay home, or they may need to take extra steps to protect staff and other patients.
Ask your doctor about over-the-counter medicines that may help, like acetaminophen to lower your fever.
The most important thing to do is to avoid infecting other people, especially those who are over 65 or who have other health problems.

That means:

Try to stay in one place in your home. Use a separate bedroom and bathroom if you can.
Tell others you're sick so they keep their distance.
Cover your coughs and sneezes with a tissue or your elbow.
Wear a mask over your nose and mouth if you can.
Wash regularly, especially your hands.
Don't share dishes, cups, eating utensils, towels, or bedding with anyone else.
Clean and disinfect common surfaces like doorknobs, counters, and tabletops.
What to expect

Symptoms begin 2 to 14 days after you come into contact with the virus. Early studies show that many people who have mild infections recover within 2 weeks. More severe cases tend to last 3 to 6 weeks.




Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). It was first identified in December 2019 in Wuhan, Hubei, China, and has resulted in an ongoing pandemic.Common symptoms include fever, cough, fatigue, shortness of breath or breathing difficulties, and loss of smell and taste. While most people have mild symptoms, some people develop acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) possibly precipitated by cytokine storm, multi-organ failure, septic shock, and blood clots. The incubation period may range from one to fourteen days. There are no proven vaccines or specific treatments for COVID-19 yet, though several are in development. Management involves the treatment of symptoms, supportive care, isolation, and experimental measures. The World Health Organization (WHO) declared the COVID‑19 outbreak a public health emergency of international concern (PHEIC) on 30 January 2020 and a pandemic on 11 March 2020. Local transmission of the disease has occurred in most countries across all six WHO regions.Longer-term damage to organs (in particular lungs and heart) has been observed, and there is concern about a significant number of patients who have recovered from the acute phase of the disease but continue to experience a range of effects including severe fatigue, memory loss and other cognitive issues, low grade fever, muscle weakness, breathlessness and other symptoms for months afterwards.